1. Question: Find the maximum number in an array.
2. Question: Check if an array contains a specific element.
3. Question: Remove duplicate elements from an array.
4. Question: Rotate elements of an array to the right by a given number of steps.
5. Question: Find the intersection of two arrays.
6. Write a program or function to count the number of occurrences of a all substring within a given string
7. Find the Sum of Array Elements:
   Write a function to calculate and return the sum of all elements in an array.
8. Reverse an Array:
   Implement a function to reverse the order of elements in an array.
9. Check for Palindrome Array:
   Determine if an array is a palindrome (reads the same backward as forward).
10. Find the Average of Array Elements:
    Write a function to compute the average of all elements in an array.
11. Move Zeroes to the End: \*\*\*
    Implement a function that moves all zeroes in an array to the end without changing the order of non-zero elements.
12. the Second Largest Element: \*\*\*
    Write a function to find and return the second largest element in an array.
13. Sort an Array:
    Implement a sorting algorithm (like Bubble Sort, Merge Sort, or Quick Sort) to sort the elements of an array in ascending order.
14. Find the Missing Number:
    Given an array containing n distinct numbers taken from 0, 1, 2, ..., n, find the one that is missing from the array.
15. Remove Elements by Value:
    Write a function that removes all occurrences of a specified value from an array.
16. Transpose a Matrix:
    Given a matrix represented by a 2D array, write a function to transpose the matrix (swap rows with columns).
17. Find the Common Elements:
    Write a function to find and return an array containing elements common to two given arrays.
18. Question: Find the Union of Two Arrays:
    Write a function that takes two arrays as parameters and returns a new array containing unique elements from both arrays (the union).
19. Question: Chunk an Array:
    Write a function that takes an array and a chunk size as parameters and returns a new array with elements grouped into chunks of the specified size.

java scrpt: map reduce filter : data {car:a}
sql: select agg(max) where : col1 col2

{car:a}

data concept
oops concept
functional program concept
micro-service
mongo db, psql
cursor, triger, stored produre

select col1,col2, count(id) from dept
